Identifying changes (#304)
bcgov/platform-developer-docs: src/docs/automation-and-resiliency/application-resource-tuning.md

* Resource availability for your own applications
* Resource availability for other tenant applications

**Resource requests**  
Resource requests are guaranteed and reserved for the pod. **Pod scheduling decisions are made based on the request** to ensure that a node has enough capacity available to meet the requested value. Inefficient use of requests lead to having to buy more licenses and hardware for the platform.

**Resource limits**  

> Resource limits set an upper limit of what a pod can burst to if the resources are available on the node. For perfomance reasons, CPU limits should not be set, but memory limits can be. 

Author: ```suggestion
Resource limits define the maximum resources a pod can use if they are available on the node. To maintain performance, avoid setting CPU limits, but you can set memory limits.
```

## Setting requests and limits

Request CPU – should be set, ideal to set to the minimum resource level required to run your container
Limit CPU - doesn’t need to be set, best not to set for performance reasons
Request Memory – should be set, ideal to set to the minimum resource level required to run your container
Limit Memory – doesn’t need to set, still a good idea to set

> You should define your own resource values for your containers based on their usage. If you don't set these, default values for `request.cpu` and `request.memory` will be set which are usually too high and therefore inefficient. 

Author: ```suggestion
Define resource values for your containers based on their usage. If you don't, the system sets default `request.cpu` and `request.memory` values, which are often too high and inefficient.
```

**General guidelines**  

> ☑ Set cpu and memory requests and set memory limits. Do not set cpu limits. 

Author: ```suggestion
☑ Set CPU and memory requests and set memory limits. Do not set CPU limits. 
```

```bash
oc get quota compute-long-running-quota -o=custom-columns=Requests:.status.used."requests\.cpu"
```
Below is an example output of the above command, the `m` at the end again means millicores, so dividing the number by 1000 tells us the current project per this example has a total allotted CPU requests value of 14.5 CPU cores.

```console
oc get quota compute-long-running-quota -o=custom-columns=Requests:.status.used."requests\.cpu"
Requests
14500m
```
**Note:**  unless you're running a scientific application or you know it's multithreaded you should not be giving an app any more than 1-core._

> ## Jenkins resource configuration recommendations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Jenkins resource configuration recommendations

The platform team recommends migrating away from Jenkins to a more modern CI/CD pipeline tool such as OpenShift Pipelines, ArgoCD and/or GitHub Actions. However, we recognize that a migration represents a significant amount of work and isn't always a realistic immediate solution to the resourcing problems posed by a Jenkins installation. The following section contains recommendations for Jenkins configurations that can be used to help ease resourcing issues while your team plans their migration to another CI/CD tool.
```

```bash
oc get quota compute-long-running-quota -o=custom-columns=Requests:.status.used."requests\.cpu"
```
Below is an example output of the above command, the `m` at the end again means millicores, so dividing the number by 1000 tells us the current project per this example has a total allotted CPU requests value of 14.5 CPU cores.

```console
oc get quota compute-long-running-quota -o=custom-columns=Requests:.status.used."requests\.cpu"
Requests
14500m
```
**Note:**  unless you're running a scientific application or you know it's multithreaded you should not be giving an app any more than 1-core._

## Jenkins resource configuration recommendations

> The platform team recommends migrating away from Jenkins to a more modern CI/CD pipeline tool such as OpenShift Pipelines, ArgoCD and/or GitHub Actions. However, we recognize that a migration represents a significant amount of work and isn't always a realistic immediate solution to the resourcing problems posed by a Jenkins installation. The following section contains recommendations for Jenkins configurations that can be used to help ease resourcing issues while your team plans their migration to another CI/CD tool.

Author: There is a duplicate paragraph that needs to be removed here.

> The platform team recommends migrating away from Jenkins to a more modern CI/CD pipeline tool such as OpenShift Pipelines, ArgoCD and/or GitHub Actions. However, we recognize that a migration represents a significant amount of work and isn't always a realistic immediate solution to the resourcing problems posed by a Jenkins installation. The following section contains recommendations for Jenkins configurations that can be used to help ease resourcing issues while your team plans their migration to another CI/CD tool.

Author: ```suggestion
```

On average, Jenkins instances in tools namespaces across the cluster are requesting much more resources than they are utilizing. These overcommitted Jenkins instances are one of the largest contributors to this over-allocation problem.

> In short, the recommendation is to lower cpu resource requests and avoid setting cpu resource limits. 

Author: ```suggestion
In short, the recommendation is to lower CPU resource requests and avoid setting cpu resource limits. 
```
